Update README.md (#1)
cpp-linter/.github: profile/README.md

<p align="center">
    <img src="/assets/readme-banner.png" width="418" height="139" alt="" />
</p>

---

## Cpp Linter

> **Linter your C-like code in workflow.** Including code formatting, diagnosing, and fixing typical programming errors.

Reviewer: clang tools primarily support the C family (C/C++/Objective-C/Java). Other languages are C-like (eg. dart), but are not directly supported by clang. I also added some English corrections.
```suggestion
**Lint your C/C++ code in an automated workflow** including analysis regarding code formatting, diagnosing, and fixing typical programming errors.
```
